pg-grimm.txt fine thing it is to ride on horseback! There he sits as easy and happy
and then I am sure I shall sleep soundly without rocking. How happy my
  So happy I roam,
off, master grinder! you seem so happy at your work.' 'Yes,' said the
'How happy am I!' cried he; 'nobody was ever so lucky as I.' Then up he
you are so happy I feel very uneasy; I am sure some mischance will
will live cheerful and happy in this beautiful castle for the rest of
joyfully received, and they lived for a long time afterwards, happy and
tailor into the bargain: he behind, was quite merry and happy, and
their father's neck. The man had not known one happy hour since he had
had seen and heard. They were both very unhappy, but agreed to make the
properly for me, I will make you very happy. You must be very careful,
to grow unhappy. She could not at first tell why she felt sad, but she
you any longer, for although I am so happy here, I must return to my own
us while other people seem so happy and merry with their children!'
her wheel; 'how happy should I be if I had but one child! If it were
happy, and love it dearly.' Now--odd as you may think it--it came to
was quite happy and thought: 'You certainly are a pretty girl!' And when
And then her wicked heart was glad, and as happy as such a heart could
die, bury me under the juniper-tree.' Then she felt comforted and happy
'I feel very unhappy about it,' said the husband, 'in case it should not
Little Marleen now felt as lighthearted and happy as if her brother were
'I do feel so happy,' said the father, 'and how beautifully the sun
And she now felt quite happy and lighthearted; she put on the shoes and
thought her dead long since. But she told them how happy she was, and
Thus the unhappy traveller was again forsaken and forlorn; but she
when he was sitting beside her and very happy, news came that his father
much the young king loved his wife, and however happy he was, he still
They were as good and happy, as busy and cheerful as ever two children
