pg-frankenstein.txt only happy one which I have enjoyed for several years.  The forms of
watching for the sledge that preceded his own.  Yet, although unhappy,
broken accents:  "Unhappy man!  Do you share my madness?  Have you
you; and, happy and beloved as I have been, is it not hard to quit you
"I am happy," said M. Waldman, "to have gained a disciple; and if your
me as its creator and source; many happy and excellent natures would
"Very well, and very happy, only a little uneasy that they hear from
agitates you; but your father and cousin would be very happy if they
"Get well--and return to us.  You will find a happy, cheerful home and
none but happy, kind faces around me.  Since you left us, but one
frank-hearted and happy.  My aunt conceived a great attachment for her,
affection warmed and opened my senses; I became the same happy creature
When happy, inanimate nature had the power of bestowing on me the most
peasants were dancing, and every one we met appeared gay and happy.  My
your surprise, my son, when you expected a happy and glad welcome, to
her words pierce my heart.  We are all unhappy; but will not that be an
bitterness, "are you always to be unhappy?  My dear friend, what has
and then I shall be happy again, even after the sad death of my little
to render her life happy; now all was to be obliterated in an
"I know," continued the unhappy victim, "how heavily and fatally this
"I am," said she, "the cousin of the unhappy child who was murdered, or
the countenances of the judges had already condemned my unhappy victim,
heaven, where we shall all be happy; and that consoles me, going as I
consolation.  Elizabeth also wept and was unhappy, but hers also was
suffer!  Live, and be happy, and make others so."
the work of my thrice-accursed hands!  Ye weep, unhappy ones, but these
in serving you--he bids you weep, to shed countless tears; happy beyond
that happy creature who in earlier youth wandered with me on the banks
the power of rendering you happy?  Ah!  While we love, while we are
me a fiend.  Make me happy, and I shall again be virtuous."
his creature were, and that I ought to render him happy before I
"Here, then, I retreated and lay down happy to have found a shelter,
"They were not entirely happy.  The young man and his companion often
should be wretched.  Yet why were these gentle beings unhappy?  They
'dearest,' 'unhappy.'
the cottagers greatly endeared them to me; when they were unhappy, I
began to bud forth on the trees.  Happy, happy earth!  Fit habitation
morning mists.  Felix seemed peculiarly happy and with smiles of
Safie was always gay and happy; she and I improved rapidly in the
Felix were not for me. Miserable, unhappy wretch!
perfect creature, happy and prosperous, guarded by the especial care of
contented and happy; their feelings were serene and peaceful, while
forgetting my solitude and deformity, dared to be happy.  Soft tears
to you.  I was oppressed by fatigue and hunger and far too unhappy to
be happy, but they will be harmless and free from the misery I now
feel.  Oh!  My creator, make me happy; let me feel gratitude towards
unchecked by the memory of my unhappy promise, rose proportionably.  My
"I am happy to remark, my dear son, that you have resumed your former
unhappy and still avoid our society.  For some time I was lost in
feel thus, we shall assuredly be happy, however present events may cast
setting sun, and more happy when he beheld it rise and recommence a new
consoles your unhappy friend.
happiness forever.  Are you to be happy while I grovel in the intensity
although the sun shone upon me, as upon the happy and gay of heart, I
as I felt pride.  Justine, poor unhappy Justine, was as innocent as I,
autumn so unhappy, flying to solitude from the society of every
made miserable by this supposition.  Be happy, my friend; and if you
her happy.  If the monster executed his threat, death was inevitable;
Elizabeth seemed happy; my tranquil demeanour contributed greatly to
"Be happy, my dear Victor," replied Elizabeth; "there is, I hope,
the bottom.  What a divine day!  How happy and serene all nature
I was happy and beloved, was dear to me, now, in my adversity, became
But you have a husband and lovely children; you may be happy.  Heaven
have been happy to have possessed as the brother of my heart.
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt first light and tell."  I felt easy and happy and light as a feather
ever happened to him, because he was a changed man now, and happy for
happy as if she was on salary. And pretty soon you'd hear a loafer
and make them happy all over, like a dog fight--unless it might be
poor things was that glad and happy it made my heart ache to see them
know _how_ she was ever going to be happy there, knowing the mother and
impatient and excited and handsome, but looking kind of happy and
just went a goo-gooing around, happy and satisfied, like a jug that's
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt "She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from the time
"That will do, Mr. Wilson. I shall be happy to give you an
say that a woman should be happy in her own family circle. But
happy until you had been on the scene of the crime."
day. Supposing that this unhappy young man's story were
this unhappy family?"
indeed happy."
Watson. I can only say, madam, that I shall be happy to devote
would be to me. 'Not at all,' said I, 'I shall be very happy to
recovered yourself, and then I shall be most happy to look into
"'I should be happy to advance it without further parley from my
"The gas was half up, as I had left it, and my unhappy boy,
as obvious as it did to his unhappy father, but still I had such
morning between nine and ten I shall be happy to do what I can to
he. "Only two days ago I was a happy and prosperous man, without
exceedingly remarkable one, and I shall be happy to look into it.
"Pray take a seat, Miss Hunter. I shall be happy to do anything
"'I should be happy to make myself useful.'
seemed to be a happy couple. And yet she had some secret sorrow,
broken, so a happy thought seized me, and I concealed a piece of
that Miss Rucastle was perfectly happy, and that she no longer
mind, ever again be happy under your roof, and I feel that I must
pg-tom_sawyer.txt And while she closed with a happy Scriptural flourish, he "hooked" a
Presently she stepped into the kitchen, and Sid, happy in his immunity,
hand-kerchiefs, and Tom was entirely happy. The dog looked foolish,
prosperous and happy. Some day it may seem worth while to take up the
crowd that the wound bled a little! The boys thought that this happy
succumb; he hoped she would be happy, and never regret having driven her
much as they were. Misgivings came; they grew troubled and unhappy; a
against the boat's swell, and the voyage was begun. Tom felt happy in
His face lighted with a happy solution of his thought; he put the bark
They assembled in camp toward suppertime, hungry and happy; but now
Amy's happy prattle became intolerable. Tom hinted at things he had
swept away his low spirits and made him lighthearted and happy again. He
sat down flushed and happy.
sensation. Tom and Joe Harper got up a band of performers and were happy
unhappy prisoner at the bar. We rest our case here."
him picturesque in the days when he was free and happy. Tom routed him
were in happy accord with his surroundings. He sat long with his elbows
